Update cloudfoundry log collection documentation (#3456)
DataDog/documentation: content/integrations/cloud_foundry.md

cf set-env $YOUR_APP_NAME DD_LOGS_ENABLED true
# Disable the Agent core checks to disable system metrics collection
cf set-env $YOUR_APP_NAME DD_ENABLE_CHECKS false
# Redirect Container Stdout/Stderr to a local port so the agent can collect the logs
cf set-env $YOUR_APP_NAME STD_LOG_COLLECTION_PORT <PORT>
# Configure the agent to collect logs from the wanted port and set the value for source and service

> cf set-env $YOUR_APP_NAME DD_LOGS_CONFIG_CUSTOM_CONFIG '[{"type":"tcp","port":"<PORT>","source":"<SOURCE>","service":"<SERVICE>"}]'

Author: Well the idea is to give the full block and then explain each parameter of the configuration block.

Might not be optimal so we could change this indeed.

# restage the application to get it to pick up the new environment variable and use the buildpack
cf restage $YOUR_APP_NAME
```

**Configure log collection**:

The following parameters can be used to configure log collection:

- `STD_LOG_COLLECTION_PORT`: Must be used when collecting logs from `stdout`/`stderr`. It redirects the `stdout`/`stderr` stream to the corresponding local port value.
- `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_CUSTOM_CONFIG`: Use this option to configure the agent to listen to a local TCP port and set the value for the `service` and `source` parameters.

**Example**:

> An `app01` java application is running in cloudfoundry. The following configuration redirect the container `stdout`/`stderr` to the local port 10514 and then configure the agent to collect logs from that port while setting the proper value for `service` and `source`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `app01` Java application is running in Cloud Foundry. The following configuration redirects the container `stdout`/`stderr` to the local port 10514. It then configures the Agent to collect logs from that port while setting the proper value for `service` and `source`:
```
